README.md, before:

counterparty2mysql
---
counterparty2mysql is a php script which populates a mysql database with counterparty data.

counterparty2mysql loads Counterparty data by requesting 'messages' data for a block from the Counterparty API, and then processing each message. The Counterparty 'messages' table holds a list of all of the insert and update actions performed on counterparty tables.

By default counterparty2mysql starts at the first block with a Counterparty transaction (mainnet=278270, testnet=310000) and parses data for all blocks between the starting block and the current block.

If no starting block is given, counterparty2mysql will try to resume parsing at the last successfully parsed block, or use the first block with a counterparty transaction.


Database Customizations
---
- Index all assets, addresses, transactions, and contracts
- create assets table with up to date summary information
- create balances table to track address/asset balance information
- create blocks table and index transaction hashes
- create index_tx table to track tx_index/type information
- create dispenses table to track dispenser dispenses
- create markets table to track decentralized exchange (DEX) market info

Setup
---
```cd counterparty2mysql/
echo "CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS Counterparty" | mysql
echo "CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS Counterparty_Testnet" | mysql
cat sql/*.sql | mysql Counterparty
cat sql/*.sql | mysql Counterparty_Testnet
```

Bootstrap Information
---
- [Counterparty.sql.gz](bootstrap/Counterparty.sql.gz) (Mainnet Block # 702,735)
- [Counterparty_Testnet.sql.gz](bootstrap/Counterparty_Testnet.sql.gz) (Testnet Block # 2,096,832)

Command line arguments 
---
```
--testnet    Load testnet data
--regtest    Load regtest data
--block=#    Load data for given block
--single     Load single block
--rollback=# Rollback data to a given block
--silent     Fail silently on insert errors
```

Database Information
---
**Counterparty tables** (populated via 'messages')
- [addresses](sql/addresses.sql)
- [bets](sql/bets.sql)
- [bet_expirations](sql/bet_expirations.sql)
- [bet_match_expirations](sql/bet_match_expirations.sql)
- [bet_match_resolutions](sql/bet_match_resolutions.sql)
- [bet_matches](sql/bet_matches.sql)
- [broadcasts](sql/broadcasts.sql)
- [btcpays](sql/btcpays.sql)
- [burns](sql/burns.sql)
- [cancels](sql/cancels.sql)
- [credits](sql/credits.sql)
- [debits](sql/debits.sql)
- [destructions](sql/destructions.sql)
- [dispensers](sql/dispensers.sql)
- [dispenses](sql/dispenses.sql)
- [dividends](sql/dividends.sql)
- [issuances](sql/issuances.sql)
- [order_expirations](sql/order_expirations.sql)
- [order_match_expirations](sql/order_match_expirations.sql)
- [order_matches](sql/order_matches.sql)
- [orders](sql/orders.sql)
- [rps](sql/rps.sql)
- [rps_expirations](sql/rps_expirations.sql)
- [rps_match_expirations](sql/rps_match_expirations.sql)
- [rps_matches](sql/rps_matches.sql)
- [rpsresolves](sql/rpsresolves.sql)
- [sends](sql/sends.sql)

**EVM-related tables**
- [contracts](sql/contracts.sql)
- [executions](sql/executions.sql)
- [nonces](sql/nonces.sql)
- [storage](sql/storage.sql)

**Additional tables** (populated by counterparty2mysql):
- [assets](sql/assets.sql)
- [balances](sql/balances.sql)
- [blocks](sql/blocks.sql)
- [markets](sql/markets.sql)
- [index_addresses](sql/index_addresses.sql)
- [index_contracts](sql/index_contracts.sql)
- [index_transactions](sql/index_transactions.sql)
- [index_tx](sql/index_tx.sql)
- [index_tx_types](sql/index_tx_types.sql)

Helpful? Donate BTC, XCP or any Counterparty asset to 1JDogZS6tQcSxwfxhv6XKKjcyicYA4Feev

Commit message:

misc updates
- updated readme to use unoparty instead of counterparty
- updated default assets to be UNO and XUP

README.md, after:

unoparty2mysql
---
unoparty2mysql is a php script which populates a mysql database with unoparty data.

unoparty2mysql loads Unoparty data by requesting 'messages' data for a block from the Unoparty API, and then processing each message. The Unoparty 'messages' table holds a list of all of the insert and update actions performed on unoparty tables.

By default unoparty2mysql starts at the first block with a Unoparty transaction (mainnet=1,777,464, testnet=700) and parses data for all blocks between the starting block and the current block.

If no starting block is given, unoparty2mysql will try to resume parsing at the last successfully parsed block, or use the first block with a unoparty transaction.


Database Customizations
---
- Index all assets, addresses, transactions, and contracts
- create assets table with up to date summary information
- create balances table to track address/asset balance information
- create blocks table and index transaction hashes
- create index_tx table to track tx_index/type information
- create dispenses table to track dispenser dispenses
- create markets table to track decentralized exchange (DEX) market info

Setup
---
```cd unoparty2mysql/
echo "CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS Unoparty" | mysql
echo "CREATE DATABASE IF NOT EXISTS Unoparty_Testnet" | mysql
cat sql/*.sql | mysql Unoparty
cat sql/*.sql | mysql Unoparty_Testnet
```

Bootstrap Information
---
- [Unoparty.sql.gz](bootstrap/Unoparty.sql.gz) (Mainnet Block # 702,735)
- [Unoparty_Testnet.sql.gz](bootstrap/Unoparty_Testnet.sql.gz) (Testnet Block # 2,096,832)

Command line arguments 
---
```
--testnet    Load testnet data
--regtest    Load regtest data
--block=#    Load data for given block
--single     Load single block
--rollback=# Rollback data to a given block
--silent     Fail silently on insert errors
```

Database Information
---
**Unoparty tables** (populated via 'messages')
- [addresses](sql/addresses.sql)
- [bets](sql/bets.sql)
- [bet_expirations](sql/bet_expirations.sql)
- [bet_match_expirations](sql/bet_match_expirations.sql)
- [bet_match_resolutions](sql/bet_match_resolutions.sql)
- [bet_matches](sql/bet_matches.sql)
- [broadcasts](sql/broadcasts.sql)
- [btcpays](sql/btcpays.sql)
- [burns](sql/burns.sql)
- [cancels](sql/cancels.sql)
- [credits](sql/credits.sql)
- [debits](sql/debits.sql)
- [destructions](sql/destructions.sql)
- [dispensers](sql/dispensers.sql)
- [dispenses](sql/dispenses.sql)
- [dividends](sql/dividends.sql)
- [issuances](sql/issuances.sql)
- [order_expirations](sql/order_expirations.sql)
- [order_match_expirations](sql/order_match_expirations.sql)
- [order_matches](sql/order_matches.sql)
- [orders](sql/orders.sql)
- [rps](sql/rps.sql)
- [rps_expirations](sql/rps_expirations.sql)
- [rps_match_expirations](sql/rps_match_expirations.sql)
- [rps_matches](sql/rps_matches.sql)
- [rpsresolves](sql/rpsresolves.sql)
- [sends](sql/sends.sql)

**EVM-related tables**
- [contracts](sql/contracts.sql)
- [executions](sql/executions.sql)
- [nonces](sql/nonces.sql)
- [storage](sql/storage.sql)

**Additional tables** (populated by unoparty2mysql):
- [assets](sql/assets.sql)
- [balances](sql/balances.sql)
- [blocks](sql/blocks.sql)
- [markets](sql/markets.sql)
- [index_addresses](sql/index_addresses.sql)
- [index_contracts](sql/index_contracts.sql)
- [index_transactions](sql/index_transactions.sql)
- [index_tx](sql/index_tx.sql)
- [index_tx_types](sql/index_tx_types.sql)

Helpful? Donate BTC, XCP or any Unoparty asset to 1JDogZS6tQcSxwfxhv6XKKjcyicYA4Feev
